All right we're back to our project and we're not going to take a look at how to describe instances
on A W-S.
So to do that let me just first close this tab and we can see everything clearly.
So no what we want to do is describe instances with both of three.
And to do that I'm going to go to my easy to class and I'm going to add a method for describing easy
to instances describe easy to instances or right for the arguments.
I'm just going to leave them as it is right now and I'm simply going to return self underscore client
describe an instance is here we go and you can also see that you can specifically describe and specific
properties of these two instances like their status.
If they're reserved or not and they are scheduled or any other thing for is the two instances.
But for now what I'm interested in is describe instances method the best method for describing the two
instances.
So let's hit enter and see what's going to happen.
And except from the dry run parameter we can provide instance IDs.
Let me just bring that up again.
We can provide instance IDs we can have filters for various things like tags and other things like IP
version 4 IP version 6 et cetera.
And then we can have the next token for the next resolve within the instances list when we describe
these two instances and you can also limit the number of results for as being TMX results for your describe
instances method.
And the cool thing about this describe instances method if you do not specify an instance IDs in the
parameters it describes everything on your account on that region for your defined region on your client
on AWOS.
So that's what we're going to do now since none of these arguments are required for this client.
Then I can just simply use to describe instances method.
So let's just add a print statement so that we're describing We see two instances in.
Let's just add some dots there.
Since this is going to take some time to describe and here we go.
The only thing that we need is to call this method.
And again I should note that you can just pass in some easy to instance IDs and just describe those
things.
Or if you have like thousands of easy to instances you can just simply specify the maximum result of
easy two instances.
After you call this method.
So let's go back to our main class and from there I'm just going to type in another method since we
have our main method already around for us and we can't just simply run that without deleting all the
resources on a US.
I'm going to define another method as describe instances.
All right describe instances method is simply going to call my PC to dot describe the two instances
method but for doing that of course I have to get the easy to Colline first just like we did with our
main client.
Main method actually and I'm going to say easy to client and then get client and after that what I'm
going to do is I'm going to get the easy to reference for my actual Easy to a class and a way to do
that is easy to an easy to client just like that.
So we had a reference to our easy to class just as we did with our previous implementation as you can
see here.
So what we're going to do now is simply call the descrive instances method.
All right so once we call this method it's going to describe you see two instances and what I want to
do now is I just want to simply print out everything coming out of this method.
So let's just get a reference for this response and I'm just going to say see two response and print
out the result and I can just simply call this with a string wrapping since this is going to be a list
or a dictionary but I don't care right now because I just want to print out the result and I can say
easy to response.
And the other thing I'm going to do is I'm going to comment out this main method call and I just want
to have the describe instances method call.
All right.
So let's do that now and see if we can get the two instances from a double.
One of them being as the private easy to instance and the other one is the public is to instance.
So let's just hit run
and here we go.
We are easy to instances from their image IDs to their instances.
And what the key player as you can see here we have all of atre about are you see two instances.
And as you can see we have the private IP address public IP address.
And this is our public easy to Easton's as you can guess.
And we have all the data about an easy to instance.
So this is how to check out and describe your two instances on a with us.
Again you can't just simply pass instance IDs on this method as we can see here and you can just specify
the instances to filter on a Dober U.S..